# @stealify/stealify
Stealify Lang - Is an ECMAScript Inspired Polyglot  Language

Its main difference is that it does Compile down to whole Unikernels/CloudImages/Containers/AppImages and other virtual machines and also provides a Unified Compiler Feedback Interface to gather Metrics and Profiling as also Other Compiler Feedback while Running and While Building this allows you to KI Optimize your Already Deployed Applications while you code on them. Our default algo is bayesian. Because Fast Feedback while coding leads to faster Working Software!

The Project is Created by Frank Lemanschik after more than 15 years of research. All Self Financed because of my own needs while Freelancing as IT Consultant.

## Why?
Original Text: Frank Lemanschik 01.04.2022 - I was confident in coding since I was 10 years old but then I got the first customers and learned how hard it is to maintain code that is deployed elsewhere. I needed to address issues that I simply never got on my system or systems. With more and more years of experience, I found out where the Problem root is in the Whole Industrie I spoke to a lot of engineers of Organisations of all Sizes. From Google to Cloudflare to Microsoft over Oracle, I got them all. I followed Carefully everything they are doing and tried to see the why and how it is useful. I started to See my Self as a Stakeholder in some bigger Projects and tried to successfully influence them. As I did that I found out that I got Communication issues and I started to work on that.

As I got all covered I thought it is clever to teach others what I learned then I found out that does not Scale then I remembered IDE Tooling and Intellisense and Finally got the Final Vision I Put it together with what I learned from Projects like Oracle GraalVM, Rust Lang, As also many other Projects and throw all my old Concepts away! So the King is Dead (Stealify Patterns and tools) long live the King @stealify/stealify The Coding Lang that inheres most other coding langs + gives them new on build/runtime debug abilities. 

## How?
As said in the why? section it is the Feedback that teaches the Coder and Users at the same time when you get fast feedback you get a nice fast learning curve over the last years that teaching system got improved more and more and is de facto the most efficient and fast one. You learn only what you need to learn while u are using and doing it. Fun Fact the Amount of Coders Doubels every 7 years(Calculated 2020) was 5 years https://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2014/06/20/MyLawn.html please read that carefully to even understand the Problem!

The Stealify Lang Language Agnostic Language creation Framework (equal to Project Truffle from Oracle) gives Developers an OpenSource Solution to cover the Problem it allows them to provide feedback and work on that feedback as the community at last that's the Idea behind that the time will show if they accept it but since we base on for example Java Language Tooling and Typescript as also ESLint and many other Big Projects with Millions of users already and Algin all that it should get Accepted by the Community as soon as it is aware of all that. I Predict that not many Engineers will see and understand this Project right but when that time should happen I am 100% Confident that this is the final solution after that it is only a matter of time. I am sure that Stealiy has the Potential to be the last Coding Language as I designed it to be Syntax Agnostic there are no excuses.

## Tribute to the Clean Code Project in general
It is a good project and we enforce many patterns that get teached there please support it as long as the creator is Alive he is a good Person. His Main Contribution to this Project is that we enforce and enable TDD by Default while we did design the Tests and Interfaces Carefully so decoupled that we can extend anything anywhere in the Coding Language World and Run Test as soon as we Write to reduce failures even before the code is fully written. I hope you like that! We catch up with the best and combine the knowleg of all existing Oldschool Coders in One Gigant Project to Replace and Scale Code Teachers.
